Q: When I start VDR than I need to zap twice to the same channel to have it
   working.

A: This problem would probably only affect a live streaming plugins.
   Since version 2.0.0 the plugin is not obtaining PMT data when VDR doesn't
   provide CA descriptors, to have it done properly, only VDR should provide it.
   VDR is collecting this data after channel switch and during idle scan.

   If you have this problem, the streaming plugin has to implement VDR's 2.1.4
   cStatus::ChannelChange() interface which informs about channel changes.
   After retune the dvbapi plugin will be able to pass complete information
   to OSCam.
   Please ask the streaming plugin author to make necessary changes.


Q: The plugin is not sending EMMs to my card, and my card is not working
   after some period.

A: When you're using dvbapi plugin, then EMM (and also ECM) handling is done
   totally on oscam side. So the EMM doesn't even reach the plugin, because
   oscam in dvbapi mode is opening demux and filter EMMs, which are then passed
   to oscam readers.
   When you enable 128 debug in oscam you'll see that after channel switch it
   prints eg:
   [DVBAPI] Demuxer #0 has 6 ecmpids, 2 streampids, 1 ecmfilters and 0 emmfilters

   but after some time oscam is starting to filter EMM and the similar lines
   appear in the oscam log:
   [EMM Filter] starting emm filter type UNIQUE, pid: 0x00B6
   [EMM Filter] starting emm filter type GLOBAL, pid: 0x00B6
   [EMM Filter] starting emm filter type SHARED, pid: 0x00B7

   and after this it prints the summary:
   [DVBAPI] Demuxer #0 has 6 ecmpids, 2 streampids, 1 ecmfilters and 14 emmfilters
   As you can see this time it has 14 emmfilters.

   When oscam is writing EMM to the card, then similar log entries appear:
   745DD0 r pho [conax] vdr emmtype=shared, len=180, idx=118, cnt=3: written (546 ms)


Q: The plugin works fine when I am watching a single channel, but when I am using
   more cards simultaneously (eg. several adapters are recording, one is used for
   watching) then live-tv and recordings are "pixelated" and CPU load is high.

A: It could be the problem of your CSA performance, if you're using FFdecsa, then
   refer to the INSTALL file, 'FFdecsa compilation flags' section.
